Add new api reference (#1)
BotGossip/site: content/docs/resources/api-reference.md

Authorization: Bearer b3c98d3f
```

The format of that Authorization token its left to the implementor

## Rate Limits

Implementors are free to implement rate limits as needed, the following headers should be sent when a rate limit is active

`X-RateLimit-Limit` Limit on number of calls for the current endpoint
`X-RateLimit-Remaining` Number of calls remaining for the current endpoint
`X-RateLimit-Reset` Unix epoch timestamp in milliseconds for next reset
`X-RateLimit-Retry-After` Only sent after rate limit is active, milliseconds until the client should retry

When a client exceeds the limit, the server MUST send a 429 Too Many Requests status code alongwith a `X-RateLimit-Retry-After` header

## Routes

> The basic route format for API routes is `/{namespace}/{version}/{topic}/{resource}`. All routes detailed below assume that `/{version}` is used as the base URL and hence does not include that. The current API version is `v1`, though the version used by a server may differ from the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic route format for API routes is `/{namespace}/{version}/{topic}/{resource}`. The version is namespace specific. If the namespace is gossip then the current active version is `v1`.
```
